# Customer_Behavior_Prediction_for_ad_click

#INTRODUCTION
Marketing has always been a challenging task to perform. As customization becomes significant, being able to deliver the product that matches the customer's needs adds more challenges. A product that is well suited for a target aged 20-35 if advertised to the population in the age of 40-50 will not gain as much revenue as expected. Thus the right product has to be promoted to the right target group. As we move to the era of digitalization, product marketing has changed dramatically. The traditional marketing strategies have become obsolete in the recent past. Companies now prefer to advertise their products online on social media websites as such advertisements are highly customizable to the right target class. This has proved profitable to the companies, as the product which is for the target age of 20-25 is advertised to that age of population only. Additionally, it is cheaper to run advertisements on social media websites as compared to traditional strategies. However, targeting the right audience is still challenging in online marketing. A 20-year-old male living in the UK and spending 20 minutes daily on the internet has many different interests than a 20 year old male living in the USA, who spends 50 minutes on the internet daily. Spending money to display the advertisements to an audience that is not likely to buy the product can be costly. In this report, we work on the advertisement data of a marketing agency in Python on Jupyter notebook in Google Collab to develop a machine learning algorithm that predicts if the user will click on the ad or not.
